Are you him or not?
Amo, I will wait for your return.
If it's you, why don't you recognize me?
You are just me
How to release
The pain of life
Can't ask for it
affectionate and ruthless disturbance
Even a stand-in
Better than nothing
Let me treat it as
Come and love too
Yanping
Obviously you are mine
But why am I so far away from you?
And you know what?
In my heart
From the day of the draft
You occupy the position
It's taking up more and more space.
I know someone bullies you in this palace
But don't worry.
I will protect you
You have no idea how important you are to me
Your Majesty, you are drunk
You release the concubine first
Concubine give you mercy
How did the wound on your hand come from?
Do you know how much I feel sorry for you?
He is the emperor who reigns over the world
My heart will also pay attention to my injuries
Pay attention to my grievances
Maybe I misunderstood him before